I think it's a very target that makes him like another.
It's like burped uncontrollably.
That was awesome.
So it was funny how I was like, hey, can we start an hour earlier?
And you're like, uh, like 15 minutes later, you're like, uh, in 30 minutes.
And then we ended up, you just psyoped me into us starting at our normal time.
Oh, I didn't realize you said an hour.
I didn't realize you meant an hour earlier.
Well, I think I sent it when you weren't even on discord.
Like it was before you were even like seeing anything.
Uh, it actually works out because I was going to have a workout that I would have
to leave in the middle of this for, but we pushed it back.
Not because I wanted to.
He wanted to.
So all good.
There's a ladybug in my life.
Did you know British people call them ladybirds?
No, what?
Why?
I think that's true.
Ladybird is a ladybug.
Yeah, they call them ladybirds, ladybirds in the United Kingdom.
There you go.
Wow.
That's crazy.
I know a lot of things that British people say after spending some time with
David and Canadian people bash calls, bathrooms, uh, washrooms.
Wash, yeah, yeah.
No, Frank and Jade do that too.
Oh, really?
That's so funny.
I guess I don't know what British people call bathrooms.
It's weird that Canadians are so different when they're so close.
Yeah.
I guess it's like the French versus the British.
It's not a French thing, right?
Cause like only part of Canada has a French influence.
Quebec, the rest of Canada does not.
I didn't know that.
Well, what was the rest of Canada?
OK, so I mean, historically, maybe all of Canada, their French influence.
But now Quebec, like that's where people speak French.
And like, I think technically it's their primary language.
So all the all the French people were kind of isolated to Quebec.
I think so.
That's what Montreal is.
But like Toronto and Vancouver are just not French at all.
Mm hmm.
Didn't know this.
You've ever been to Canada?
I never been to Toronto, which is where Frank and Jade are.
Mm hmm.
I've never been to Canada.
I've been in the water.
I've been in the waters of Canada.
Does that count?
Wait, where have you been outside the country?
Of one time I've been out of the country and it was like 10 years ago.
Casey and I went to Mexico, the Baja Peninsula of Mexico.
Oh, that's like basically.
So you haven't left North America.
No, that's so crazy.
What's the longest flight you've ever been on?
We went to Hawaii.
Hawaii is pretty long.
OK, so we spent like a week in Maui.
That was, I don't know, five hours from LA.
I guess the flight is something like that.
Wow, never been anywhere.
I've not very well traveled either.
But yeah, but you've been to like Europe and such.
Yeah, that was recent.
You grew up in India.
What am I thinking?
You actually grew up in India or that you like were born in India.
That you just for some reason you just it seems like.
I don't know.
Your parents are from India, but you.
Yeah, I know.
I born here.
I don't know.
I do.
I mess that up so much.
There's like a threshold of when you come to America, like if you come before a
certain age, you just end up being America, like coming across American.
And if we go after a certain age, like people know that you're you're foreign.
Yeah, how are you again?
I was like five, five.
That's crazy.
Yeah, so you like you have memories of I mean, clearly, I do.
I remember I very clearly remember a few like really random things on the last day
of school before I left.
It was my last day of school was like my last day of school, a bird pooped on my
head. I remember that.
And I remember the flight we took to America was on Luftanza Airlines, which
was really, really nice is German airline.
I don't know if it's still really nice, but it was really nice back then.
And well, I guess I'm not sure because I was a small child on the first airplane
ever. So maybe I thought everything was nice.
But I remember they gave me a pack of Legos to build a thing.
Wow.
And it dropped one piece and I could never finish it.
Exactly.
I couldn't like reach it behind. I just remember the frustration of like not being
able to reach it.
That sounds like a nightmare, actually, like if you craft a nightmare, that's
yeah, that's out there.
But I remember having a good time on the plane.
And then I remember arriving to America and very shortly after we went to a grocery
store and I was just like, what the hell?
Like this is so crazy.
Like the aisle for the ice cream is bigger than any like grocery type store I'd ever
been to pretty America.
I mean, it's I remember going to a grocery store in Mexico and just that feeling
of like you when you realize the world is so much bigger than what you've known,
like that they're that people live completely different lives.
And like everything you just think is normal is just because you live in one
little spot.
I remember that feeling that overwhelming feeling of like, I don't know
anything about the world and this is Mexico.
It's like like two hours from San Diego, like we're not even talking like the
other side of the world.
Yeah.
When I went to Europe, I was hoping for that feeling.
I was like, I want to feel like I'm really similar, different.
And I did get that somewhat, but it was still like pretty familiar.
Like obviously lots of was different.
It's the globalization diluting that feeling is like, is that going to just
trend towards less and less feeling like places are different?
Definitely for like in terms of the Western world, like for sure.
It's if you go look at a coffee shop anywhere in the Western world,
it's like the same aesthetic across the board.
OK, coffee shop vibes.
You know, imagine you get more of that culture shock if you go to Asia.
Well, like tea just in Japan right now.
I'm sure that's a different feeling.
I really want to go to Japan.
I want to make that happen too.
Let's do a terminal event there.
Oh, that'd be amazing.
Like everyone in the audience is Japanese and they don't speak English.
That would be so fun.
How fun would that be?
It's like we're trying to communicate with like, I don't know.
We have to do another meeting.
It doesn't involve speaking.
Yeah, exactly.
We'll be minds.
We'll just do like a mind show, pantomimes, white faces and all.
Is that bad for you to put white paint on your face?
I I guess not.
I don't think anyone would be that mad about it.
Yeah, it's interesting.
Is it bad that I asked that?
No.
OK, cool.
It's a bad question.
Sometimes I just have these intrusive thoughts and they're like questions like
that, which is like just trying to understand what is offensive and what is not.
It's a genuine question of mine.
Like I just feel like I had a very narrow upbringing.
Like I've done, I've not experienced a lot of diversity and culture in my life.
No, here's the thing.
There's a lot of stuff that is.
I don't think there's a lot of stuff that is offended, but I think there's always
people that will get offended by some stuff.
So now we all just pretend like stuff is offensive because we know someone out
there would get offended by it.
Most of it is funny.
This was a fight, not a fight.
This was a conversation Casey and I had two nights ago, the last time.
I don't know very recently when I got back from New York about like, I know there's
things we disagree on.
Politically, I hesitate to say politically because I don't know what policies are
involved here, more social something.
Yeah, yeah, more social.
There are things that we just like she is on one end of a spectrum and I am on
the other, we're probably not on the far ends, there's always further on these
spectrums, but we are kind of like on either side of a center point and I was
trying to like just have healthy conflict and talk through it.
And I realized I can't even like vocalize what bothers me about.
I think it's the biases in tech.
I think in tech specifically, we've seen some really just stupid versions of this
like this kind of culture of offended by everything.
I don't know.
I don't want to offend people by saying that or maybe I do.
It just feels like tech is maybe like even more so, it's like an exaggeration.
For some reason, our industry latched on to like this very, uh, you can't do that
because we all decided that's a thing you can't do or say feels like that's heavy
in tech.
And I think that shades, maybe my opinions of certain things, I don't know.
Yeah, I don't think it's random that was that it became that way in tech.
I think tech became one of the cushiest industries for a while.
And when things get cushy, people get to focus on problems that aren't really
problems and kind of make up.
Yes.
And you see as the economy got harder, like all that stuff kind of flushed out of tech.
So yeah, I think it's just a natural thing that happens.
Like it's weird.
Like you have such a cushy job and you imagine people are like, oh, yeah,
I'm just going to like really enjoy this.
But we just need to find like the next problem to work on, even if it's like kind
of made up problem.
Yeah, it's the, is it the hard times create?
Yeah, I think it's probably, it's probably related to that.
Yeah.
That quote, it definitely feels that way.
But it's 61 degrees here, which is freezing.
If you love your jacket yet, are you wearing a sweater?
I woke up and my throat is like, just doesn't feel great.
But this is like actually sick.
So I might just be getting anything from her.
But did we all just get COVID in a New York apartment?
Maybe I have no clue.
It's funny, like after I got back when we were leaving from New York, I was like,
I just don't want to be cold anymore.
Like I don't, I just, I have like no tolerance for at all.
And I came back and I literally like just stepped outside to like enjoy the heat.
And now it's cold here again too, because we randomly get like cold fronts
every, every now and then.
And I know for people listening, you're like 61 degrees.
That's like the perfect weather.
Yeah, if you like dress for it, but
if you like put on pants.
Yeah, I don't want to put on pants and I don't want to put on.
I know this about you more so every year.
Like just having spent some time in New York.
You really don't want to put on pants.
Like it's kind of a goal of yours and it's hilarious.
Yeah, so it's like the moment I'm changing my whatever for the weather,
then it's not good weather anymore.
That's how I define it.
Yeah, the weather needs to bend around your needs.
Is there a place where it never gets even like into the 60s?
Worth 70 is like the minimum all year.
Is there even a place?
Probably straight up in the Caribbean, I imagine.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's going to be closer to the equator than anything in America, right?
I'll tolerate this because it doesn't get that hot here.
When it gets really hot, I imagine it gets really hot closer to quit.
It doesn't get really hot in Miami.
I guess it's all relative, but for me, it gets more like places in
Florida get way hotter than Miami.
So really, is it just about being on the East Coast?
Like the Atlantic somehow keeps.
Yeah, being by the way, like Orlando is like way worse than Miami in the summer.
Yeah, it's interesting.
I know this about Orlando having like been there a few times.
I can remember it being miserable hot in the middle of summer when we went there.
We had someone we worked with in Orlando.
The fact that Disney World is plopped right in this like miserable place
from a weather standpoint is just hilarious.
Cause like people travel from all over the world to go to Disney World.
And if they could have just picked a place that was nice all year round, like think
of all the like additional joy families would have had.
It's just kind of like collective joy over decades.
You're just not supposed to go there in the summer, I think.
Yeah, I guess like is the park.
I bet the park's just way less busy summer vacation.
Summer break.
That's the thing.
Kids are off school.
I'm sure they're super busy and it's just disgusting.
They've got those like missed machines where like you just walk through cold mist
because it's so miserable.
Oh man, there's a, there's like a place at me.
And when we, let's go out a night to like, you know, go out and like dance or whatever.
There's a place that we go.
Wait, wait, wait, slow that, slow that down.
When you go out to go, you go out and dance.
Yeah, I haven't done it in a while, but you know, it's something to occasionally.
This is so interesting.
I just have never done that before, but I'm now very curious about that life.
I don't think you live somewhere where that's even an option.
They do a lot of square dancing where I live.
They have dance.
Yeah, it's just very like country.
Yeah, no, for us, it's not that.
Um, so it's just, it's this really cool place that is kind of, it's like mostly outdoor.
It's like, it's like a building, but it's like pretty outdoor.
Um, but obviously as it goes on, there's a lot of people they are moving around.
It gets really hot.
Uh, and recently, not recently made in the past year or two, they installed these.
Like pipes or like these, yeah, these, these pipes all over the dance floor.
And they blast out nitrogen, like every 10 minutes or so.
It's like blast the cook, the, that blast the crowd with nitrogen.
And it feels so good.
Nitrogen is like super cold.
It's like liquid, you know, liquid nitrogen, like, yeah.
Yeah.
So they have like a tank of that.
And then like, you can't see anything.
Like the whole dance, like it's covered in like complete white fog.
You can only see like right in front of you.
And it feels so good.
Hmm.
Um, I was like, whoever thought this is a genius.
Like that's super interesting.
Actually, it's not bad to breathe in a ton of nitrogen.
I guess that's like 70% of our atmosphere, I guess.
Yeah.
So I guess it wouldn't be.
And it feels great.
So that's what we do to solve the.
That's how you cool down when you're on the dance floor.
I have so many questions about dance, but I'm not going to right now.
Uh, there's things to talk about.
There's like, uh, our, our first love, AWS, so many new headlines.
Oh, yeah.
I keep seeing stuff.
And I want to ask you like how much of this stuff creates new use cases,
like things that are possible that weren't.
Uh, so there's that to talk about.
Uh, we should probably talk a little about terminal stuff, just New York.
Just got back from New York.
Uh, we could talk about, uh, psychology, because I have all kinds of things.
I want to say about psychology.
And I know you're going to just, I roll me to death and I don't care.
I don't even care.
I'm going to do it anyway.
Uh, I just listened to part of the first episode of AWS FM, where you came on.
I just want to like hear our first interactions.
It's so funny.
It was like October of 21, somebody just asked me, I think in New York asked me
how long we had known each other.
And I didn't know exactly.
I looked it up.
Might put a little clip from that in the episode.
Who knows?
We'll see.
Yeah.
I mean, I mean, let's just telling you guys that she remembers my first meeting
with Frank and Jay, because I was like doing it.
Yeah.
And she like, it was just funny how formal.
You guys were dressed up.
Yeah.
Not dressed up.
Well, I had to wear clothes, which isn't the case anymore.
Yeah.
Um, yeah, it is funny to have like actual recordings from.
Okay.
Let's talk about the AWS of what have you heard?
Yes.
Uh, okay.
So I know there's a ton of cloud front stuff.
How much?
Yeah.
I think most of it I don't care about, but I want to talk about it and make sure I
shouldn't care and there's like not reasons I should start caring.
So there's that.
I know, uh, like Lambda got no 22.
There's some like other kind of periphery things that, and there's
probably things I haven't even heard at all that you could tell me.
Uh, so wherever you want to start, what about event driven, active
director domain joined with Amazon event bridge?
Oh my God.
No.
Are you serious?
Oh, there is one I want to talk about.
Yeah.
I didn't know any of that was, uh, I do want to talk about, uh, on the cloud
front side, you can like send cloud front logs to cloudwatch now, which is
so hilarious that that like how many years into AWS and it's like, oh, you
know, that service that's got all the logs in it.
You can finally send your cloud front logs to it.
It's crazy that this is like finally a thing.
You don't have to build all this infrastructure.
I was kind of confused.
Like, what did you have to do before I get dumped it into S3 bucket?
That's literally it.
And now not only can you send them straight to cloudwatch, you can also, uh,
have them sent to S3 in parquet format. So like we have a big data lake.
It's that means you can just like pump your cloudwatch stuff in ready to consume.
That's, that's like huge for me.
Just like quality of life.
We, you've seen what we built to do, like, to just like do some basic web
analytics on our stuff.
It's like this crazy kinesis stuff that we had to build out.
And now we can just like click a button in cloud front or add it to, I guess
it's not in cloud formation yet, but you guys maybe could get it sooner.
Cause it, it is in the API is obviously some maybe SST could enable that.
We were talking about building a provider that just can just make
AWS calls through SST.
So we're just like wrap any API.
Oh, we need a sort of way to put the trickle down all the, uh, the downstream things.
Yeah.
Like that's getting native.
It's a K that has to get into terraform.
Then it's getting to plume me.
Then we get it.
Yeah, yeah.
So that'd be cool.
Yeah.
The cloud front updates, uh, it's funny.
If you like in our team chat, they're just me posting and all caps being like, yo,
look at this.
Like a bunch of times because it is a few things here that actually the one cloud
front throwing it thing is now you can specify a cloud front, um, function to
change the origin of requests is going to this.
Yeah.
This solves so many problems for us that I can remember.
Like all I know, all I can remember is like every couple of weeks were like, man,
it'd be so much easier if we could do that.
Or like, well, yeah, cause you just had to create all these stupid behaviors.
And then there's behavior limits and all this.
I remember all these issues and now we can just do that in a cloud front function.
I didn't even see that headline.
Yeah.
So I think I don't see the point of creating any.
Origins at all anymore in cloud front, um, cause you can just read a single default
origin source.
Yeah.
And then so, well, wait, wait, wait, wait, you mean behaviors?
Cause you still have to have the origins, right?
No, you can redirect to any origin, but you create, you have to configure the origin
first and then you can send like an redirect to any URL.
Oh, any URL interesting.
So you don't have to define the origins in the first place.
Yeah.
I think you'd still define the origins if you want some of like the
destination and all that stuff, but, um, yeah.
So we're like, so the cloud front workers, the cloud front workers also as a KV
door for sorry.
Yeah.
That was a wild background, right?
The cloud front functions.
I never used it, but if you pair these two things,
together, you can just build your own, because what we've always wanted was we
want the ability to just build our own router.
We want a lot of the cloud front letter.
Yes.
Yeah.
And the KV store we can, we can put in values like here's a lot of static assets.
So if it matches that, we can redirect to the S3 origin.
You know, all that we could do for our show that we have to like create a behavior
for each file and there's a limit of 25 and all that.
Like all that I think can go away.
Um, we can build like, uh, so we have like a router component in SST where you can
like create one CDN and then mount like different paths different places.
That was also limited in a lot of ways now.
Like this thing makes it so we can have basically unlimited pads.
Um, the other big one was, uh, like immutable deploys.
So each deploy, we can keep the static assets around, um, in the S3 bucket.
I mean, you can keep maybe even like do a function version.
And then depending on like, if you get a normal request, you redirect to you,
like forward to the latest origin, but you can like easily like roll back or do
preview environments or do all that stuff with a single cloud front.
You don't have, it's like, you don't have to use the blue green stuff, which was
kind of a pain, or is it the blue green stuff?
Depending.
It helps some of that.
But I think our issue right now is people that did like PR environments,
you had to do, um, deploy a new crowd platform distribution for each, each
PR, which is kind of, oh, that's very slow.
Now you can share one and you can do like a sub domain thing.
So you can say like PR number, dot dev, dot my compute.com.
And then this cloud front function can see what sub demands for and then
directed to the right, uh, function behind the scenes, the right
S3 bucket behind the scenes.
Yeah, it just allows for, and it's probably got bigger less.
Cause like I said, we'd like constantly are like, we don't have enough control.
We don't have control.
And now we do.
So we can build all kinds of interesting things.
I think, yeah, I saw a cloud front.
You can put like point at VPC resources now, like as an origin, which is cool.
We had to do some stupid stuff with like API gateway in between, like our
private stuff and cloud front.
So now we could kind of do it.
That if we wanted, I saw the GRPC thing.
I don't know if I would use that.
What, is that like, it's like web sockets?
What is that?
I don't even know.
I'm kind of confused about that because I'm like, I can't remember if I
thought GRPC was like a TCP protocol and not an HTTP one.
I thought it was like a Google created thing.
Did I make that up?
Yes, it is, but it's, it's an RPC protocol that can go over different
transports, like you can go over a TCP.
I think you can go over HTTP too.
So I don't, I just didn't understand why it wasn't possible before.
Oh, I see.
Uh, I didn't fully understand that.
One of those like they gave us support for something we thought we already
had or didn't realize we didn't have.
Yeah.
The other funny thing is, uh, AWS Aurora serverless.
You two now scale zero, uh, just funny.
Cause like we put in all this work in supporting, uh, RDS because.
Yeah, the minimal costs for Aurora, for dev environments, which is like way too high.
Now it scales to zero.
So it's like, but it's still the data API, right?
So it's still all those issues.
Yeah.
Cause we, we got rid of needing the data API entirely.
Cause we have, Oh, even with Aurora serverless.
Yeah.
Because we have that tunnel thing now built in.
So you can just, I don't know if you saw this, but, uh, so you can just, you're
just connecting to it through, oh, I guess you could just use like normal
postgres connections to Aurora serverless.
It doesn't require the data API.
For some reason I thought it didn't require a API API.
So.
Oh, yeah.
Our new component for RDS postgres, it just lets you turn on data proxy.
I think this is called the connection.
Oh, yeah.
Proxy.
That's what we use.
Yeah.
First time you see it.
So we have like a proxy true field and also this is actually good now.
Like for the dev environment case, it was already good for like, we use it in
production, but like, this is actually a good thing.
If, for instance, you were teaching a course and you had a bunch of students that
needed a cheap server server serverless database.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, the reason we switched to non Aurora is it's in the free tier.
So if you just put SST AWS postgres, that's like a free tier thing.
Yeah.
Um, but now this thing scales to zero.
It's like, you know, decent option.
And our tunnel fixes all the need for the data API.
Like just doing normal connection.
We like, yeah, yeah, we send the traffic through through our tunnel.
So, uh, so those are two like.
Really big ones, the Aurora scaling is zero is a little confusing for me.
Um, it seems like teams competing agents, each other.
Oh, yeah, for reasons that we won't talk about it.
Yeah.
We can't share it yet, but I'm sure we'll be able to talk about it in a few weeks.
It's also like, it's almost like too late.
It just feels kind of like we've all figured out ways around the problems now.
And it's kind of like, it's what you're describing that you've already kind of
like built all this stuff for RDS and it's like, well, now it's too painful to go back.
I mean, I, I use serverless V2.
Like we use it as that means and I'm not going to stop using it.
And this won't really affect us cause we just, you won't go to zero.
Yeah.
And like it doesn't, it's a drop in the bucket.
If we do spin up dev environments, it's just, it's like a drop in the bucket for a bill.
So we don't care.
Yeah.
So I think we always intended to have an Aurora component.
So this probably just motivates us to go and report all this stuff in it.
Yeah, so those are two big ones.
The other thing was S3 zone one reports a pens to files.
OK, which seems like really random and niche.
It kind of is random and niche, but it's, it's like, it's kind of like, you don't
need to do anything on like an EBS or an EFS volume anymore.
Like you can just use S3 for like these cases where you're just like logging stuff,
high traffic stuff.
I think of like what prime always builds.
He's always building these systems that are like a pinning to huge log files.
And I feel like you could use S3 now instead of needing to have like local
storage, attach your compute, right?
Yeah, exactly.
So even the thing we built over the weekend, I was saving the snapshots.
I was saving the events that came through to S3 because that's using easy database.
But now I've just append it.
But that said, this is not really meant for general purpose use because it's in
express one S3, one zone, whatever the name is.
Yeah, the one zone acts, which is like basically loses some redundancy.
You lose some nines of which really only makes sense for like analytic.
Like I think this is this is so targeted at all these people building databases
on top of S3, like a Clickhouse, for example, or like any of like the, like
a company warp stream, they built on top of S3.
So I think it helps those and kind of optimize a little bit for it.
It's not limited.
Like it's so constrained to some degree, but I think it does help some of those
use cases.
Yeah.
People building databases on top of S3.
Uh, I think we're just going to see more and more of that.
It's kind of a way to build a serverless database really easily.
If you build on top of S3, uh, obviously a lot of costs and performance implications,
but for some things, it kind of does make sense.
All right.
Let's, uh, let's take a quick break.
And you want to talk about terminal YP while you pee?
Yeah, I got to pee.
That's why we're taking a hike.
I just, I just talk about terminal by myself.
Like I don't understand what you mean.
Uh, I mean, like talk about like, like do an ad, like a terminal coffee.
I see.
I just got to see.
Okay.
I'll be right back.
All right.
Now a word from our sponsors, uh, terminal, it's kind of confusing with
terminal is if you guys saw over this past week, we did a live family feud event,
but don't forget we are a coffee company.
We're a very traditional coffee company.
We just do things that typical coffee companies do, uh, like selling coffee
over SSH or playing family feud in New York with a bunch of developers for
live audience, you know, just typical coffee company things.
Uh, so if you want to buy some and support us, open up your terminal and type
in SSH terminal.shop, you know, get a really cool coffee buying experience.
Uh, we're even putting out a monthly box.
We call it our cron box.
It shows up every month.
Uh, and some months you'll get custom blends, funny bags.
It's just going to be a good time if you want to support us would suggest
subscribing to our monthly cron box, uh, the first one will probably go out in
the next month or so.
Uh, we have a lot of exciting ideas for that.
That's our ad.
Okay.
Waiting for him to be done peeing Amazon investing another four billion in
anthropic.
I'm assuming that's all in like credits.
How much did they invested before that?
It's kind of crazy.
Four billion, I think a lot, but I don't really remember.
That's, uh, that's a lot of money.
Four billion dollars, what's funny is this announcement is anthropic names, AWS.
It's primary training partner.
And we'll use AWS trainium.
I think AWS trainium was like one of the worst names ever by then.
It just makes the whole announcement sound so corny.
We use AWS trainium.
Sounds like a board, like a board game, maybe cranium.
Yeah, sounds like that.
Okay.
Yeah, just rhymes with the board game, whatever.
Uh, is that all the big AWS announcements we want to talk about?
There's a lot, there's a lot of little things.
It's not even reinvent yet.
This is just pre-invent.
So I am hopeful for like some big ones, like, I don't know.
I, maybe they could make, I feel like they're, they're making good strides,
despite all of the focus on AI and all of their outgoing communication.
Yes.
I feel like the, the product teams still exist, still working on the products that
matter.
Not the, it doesn't matter at all. It's just like they've way over corrected and
trying to catch up or whatever.
I, I am hopeful, like some of this stuff, like the router and cloud front that you
can now build at SST.
I feel like the missing piece to like make cloud flare less necessary and some
kind of hybrid stack is just the waff, like accessibility.
If they could just make the story around like protecting your endpoints
better and cheaper, then it's looking real good, right?
I mean, I know there's like cloud flares, whole business that they started with.
But yeah, I just don't know how good the AWS WAF is.
Like I just, it's so invisible.
And like I'm like, I set it up.
Like what is it doing?
Is it where it's hard to tell?
The other thing is, I do think they made some improvements to that because
cloud front integrates with the WAF properly.
And now that it can connect to like your private AOB and stuff,
like that kind of expands, like as long as you put, as long as you put cloud front
in front of it, you basically effectively get the WAF.
Yeah.
I mean, there's like, I guess there's two things on the protection front.
There's like shield, which is very invisible.
It's just like we shield stuff, take our word for it.
And then you can pay $3,000 a month to get like shield advanced or whatever it's
called and you get it like a direct.
Well, it's basically like you have like this direct line and like immediate
support in the event of a DDoS attack.
It's, it's just like the white glove version.
It's just there's some new tools.
And then you get a bunch of credits toward WAF, which is the more hands-on thing
that isn't invisible as much where you configure rules.
And there's all this like ability to configure rules, how you want to manage
blocking things that you know, you want to block, but it's expensive.
It's like a lot of people don't want to use it because that feels like critical.
Yeah, it's like doubles your cloud front costs.
Basically, I think that's the simplest way to describe it.
Like it just, it's just pretty expensive.
So yeah, I mean, most of our costs is that news that used to be, but our database
cost was by far our most costs now as we've continued to grow it.
Like our cloud front and WAF costs are a huge, huge chunk of our bill.
So that the other thing I would love to see is some kind of.
Largely impacting thing on Lambda, specifically on.
Like efficiency, I also just burped.
What's going on?
Yeah, what's going on?
Something we ate three days ago, like you're talking like how
Cloudflare like doesn't bill you if they're not actually like fertile requests.
They'll only do CPU time.
So that's one option.
And that feels like way too much of a departure with how Lambda works.
I think that would be obviously insane.
If Lambda announces CPU billing, that's like so crazy.
Like that just totally changes the economics of it for everyone in a very, very large way.
But even just the function concurrency thing would be a good one, which I think fits more
with their model.
It seems like they are working towards that.
I don't know if they're going to announce it.
Could you say more about function concurrency with me?
Yeah, so if you have a Lambda function that gets a request and it makes, let's say it
makes a call to Dynamo, and a Dynamo call takes, let's say 100 milliseconds, in those
100 milliseconds, it probably could have handled another request off that same instance.
So right now, a single Lambda instance, like a container, it can only handle one invocation
at a time.
This would let them let it handle multiple and you're trading off the isolation for probably
a giant improvement in performance and efficiency.
So your bill would be a lot lower because you would have fewer concurrent invocations
going on.
So yeah, a lot of people complain that languages like go, even Node.js are like super optimized
for doing concurrent work.
And when you put them in a Lambda, they just don't do concurrent work because it only
can handle a request at a time, which is fine for async events because those can be bashed.
But for serving API requests, like, yeah, you just can't do anything there.
Yeah.
So I would love to see that.
Yeah, I was pulling up some actual bills to just make sure I was speaking from current
knowledge about what matters.
Our Lambda bill is just not very much, but I don't know how much it would matter to me
if they made big improvements to the pricing around Lambda.
I mean, I don't know how much we would care.
Not that we're the only type of use case.
I think it's less about because you're already in the Lambda mindset.
I think it's more around the point at which a container becomes more cost efficient with
massively shift if that's a case.
So it just makes more sense for a lot more workloads to be on it.
So anyone that's at that threshold, it now covers a whole new set of people.
Yeah.
Gotcha.
We spend more on WAFT.
This is just interesting.
We spend more on WAFT than we do on Lambda.
That's really crazy.
Lambda is our highest bill.
Oh, really?
Interesting.
I mean, I was wrong.
Our database is still way more expensive than our cloud front.
I mean, our cloud front is our second biggest cost, but our RDS costs are like three times
the next closest cost, which is cloud front.
So yeah, databases are expensive.
Turns out.
Yeah.
That's all the AWS.
So how much more?
Because we're in advance not till first week of December, I think, or maybe second week
of December.
Yeah.
We got a couple, we got a couple of weeks.
So we can make one big, like wish list, like, what is the number one thing we'd like to
see?
And then we can like talk after we admit.
Like, did it happen?
Did any of it happen?
I'm like, it's so weird.
I feel like it's, they like solve all the things that we have this new WebSocket service,
which is actually very good, the absent event thing.
This cloud front problem solves like another major point at this point.
Like ours.
One of the things that we're not going to talk about, but yeah, there's one of the
things, like SSC, are we limited by this stuff?
I don't think so.
It doesn't feel like it.
I still think the one thing on the AWS stack, like the one thing that's like the Achilles
heel for at least for, I've worked in the consumer web space is just the, I still feel
like putting cloud player in front of your endpoints is necessary in 2024.
Yeah.
Unless, unless you've got enough of a bill that like you don't care to eat the cost, but
even it's still just better than like configuring WAF.
I feel like it's just, it does stuff by default that's just better.
And I, we've seen it like with our auth endpoint, like I know if SSC auth could just like bake
in a nice prevention mechanism for people just spamming your endpoint, that would be a great
thing you guys could add that it's just kind of like not a thing you can add to a default
thing right now in AWS.
I think the reality is putting cloud player in front is just going to be kind of required
based on how the internet has evolved.
And I guess that's fine.
It's not even like, I used to feel really weird about mixing AWS and other resources,
but it's just kind of where we live and it's, I'm accepting it more and more.
And with, as a TV three, like we put a lot of effort in making the DNS part like adapter
based.
So even if you're creating an AWS component for that, when you specify the custom domain,
you can specify your DNS adapter and that can just be cloud player.
Yeah.
And for example, just use, it was for everything and then just use a DNS adapter there.
So that cloud floor is handling.
Yeah.
That's when we do a terminal.
And I was going to move our, I was just, while I was in New York, I was like this little
thing that's been bothering me.
I wanted to move our domains all into like our cloud player count or something, just a terminal
owned account.
And it doesn't support a lot of the TLDs.
That was a bummer.
Yeah.
As a registrar, I would just flesh all that out because we've got the dot SH domain is
that why dot shop isn't supported.
I couldn't move our main terminal dot shop.
Oh, man.
Oh, okay.
And maybe not does that SH.
I just stopped once that shop wasn't supported.
I stopped looking.
Let's see if they support dot pizza.
Yes.
Okay.
So I feel like I never feel bad talking about like ideas or plans about terminal stuff on
our podcast.
Because it is like a subset.
It's a very small subset of people who are aware of terminal is like our audience on
here.
So it just feels like, congratulations, you listened to our podcast, you get to learn
some like secret sauce.
I would love, love.
This is not me telling the audience.
It's just me telling you, like, I would love to sell like a $10,000 pizza, but like prime
delivers or whatever.
I just think that's hilarious and it'd be so fun and we could get a sponsor to do the
box or whatever.
I just think it'd be so fun.
$10,000 pizza.
We will deliver it to you.
It'll be frozen and we'll make it at your house.
We'll put it in the microwave for you.
It would just be funny to like have him literally carry it.
Like, yeah.
Just like the video, the YouTube video would be the real winner from this whole thing is
like just prime getting on a plane holding a pizza and like his headphones on and then
like all the way, the journey of like taking this to someone's house and then cooking it
for them.
Oh, man.
Yeah.
Like he would, he'd have to get one of those, you know, those pizza delivery, like the insulated
pizza delivery box things.
Yeah.
Put the box inside.
I'd love that like when he lands in this person's city, he gets in like an Uber and somehow
we have like a pizza delivery thing that can go on top like a terminal thing, pizza delivery
sign.
Like I would just love this whole thing would just be so fun.
Yeah.
I don't even know if it's would make money.
It would just be like we might spend the whole budget just doing stupid stuff with it.
Yeah.
Kind of the terminal way.
Always get to zero.
Although we did make money in New York.
Let's talk about New York that we just got back.
What is terminal?
What are we doing?
I love it.
I don't know what we're doing.
Well, while you were gone, I explained we're just a very straightforward coffee company doing
normal coffee company.
We got to see the roastery, that was cool.
Montherst so great.
I just love that whole family.
I just want to like hang out with them now.
They're really cool.
They're hustlers.
Mm hmm.
Is there anything you want to say about New York?
I don't know.
We haven't really like headed.
Well, I think it went super well like yeah, like that that like everybody was laughing
the whole time.
Like I was I couldn't tell if I was laughing just because I was involved in it, but like
my stomach was like sore.
You were sweating.
You were busy.
Yeah.
Was it sore from anxiety or laughter?
Because no, I was just laughing the whole time.
It was just really funny and I realized like I missed a lot of the jokes because I was
like working on stuff because I watched some clips afterward and I didn't remember that
stuff happening.
But it seemed like it went really well.
Here's like a weird thing though.
We were looking at the check-in list and we sold 310 tickets and about 200 people came.
But like 100 people bought tickets and then showed up.
I mean, they you never know like they don't live in the area, but they thought I'm going
to buy a ticket because it's 30 bucks and like maybe there's something else people that
buy tickets will get out of the deal.
I could see that.
Yeah, which reinforces the point that we always have to charge because people just claim spots
and not even when we charge people do that.
So yeah, it's not that we need like that we're really hoping to make a lot of money off ticket
sales.
It's kind of like a barrier there.
We didn't spend all the money we brought in, which is called a profit.
We actually turned the profit.
This is like the first business and maybe ever is the first time I've ever turned the
profit.
This is the first thing especially this early.
We should.
Oh, yeah.
We'll find a way to spend it.
We'll spend on the next thing.
We'll deliver some pizzas.
Yeah, so yeah, it just went really well.
I'm excited about doing it again.
The funny thing is, is like obviously for the next time we do the same thing, we'll polish
some of the tech, but I'm like, I don't want to polish it too much because a lot of the
funniness was firm.
Yeah.
It's like, do I really want to fix the math?
Right.
Yeah.
That's kind of one of the funny things.
It's like part of the lower down.
I think some of the stuff that was unnecessary, that was extra stressful, but yeah, just fix
the stuff that created pain for you, not necessarily stuff that like makes the production value
better.
Who cares?
I think it is what it is and it's fun, but just like make it not so stressful for you.
That would be the goal.
I think, right?
Yeah.
It was cool.
How many opportunities there ended up being to like mess with the scoreboard live?
Like I have to do that a lot, which is, which is pretty fun.
Yeah, that's funny.
So the people that don't watch it, we would do stuff like if someone said an answer that
was so ridiculous, we would just very blatantly add it to the board where like we would just
show up with another answer and then we'd reveal it and it would be really pissed off.
A lot of the times I would replace an answer with something someone said right before we
revealed it.
So yeah, just a lot of those little jokes was ended up working out really well.
Yeah.
I'd like, before the next one, I'd like me and David, because I don't have much now.
Like I feel like I did my part in terms of building the apps that needed to be built.
There's probably things that could be fixed, but I'd like David and I to get like a day
to just like do your admin panel and make it better and easier to work with and nicer
looking.
I know it doesn't matter, but like, well, it's kind of look nice if we do it, but like
just make it more ergonomic, faster for you to do what you need to do.
I don't know where it's not just about a big green buttons.
I feel like we can make it a little more useful.
That's funny, the buttons were fine.
The buttons were great.
It was just there's more of the other stuff like editing the actors.
Yeah, just like the typing and like, I bet you didn't spend much time like trying to
get the tabbing to be real smooth and in the right order and all that.
So we have to do that.
We have to make our like our audience app really good.
Yeah.
It needs some work.
And make it so that Twitch can use it, like logging with Twitch and use it.
So yeah, it'll be fun.
We'll do it again.
We'll invest in other few days into.
Yeah.
So if your company is interested in sponsoring the next one, please reach out.
Please reach out.
I bet we have some people listening that have the ability to make those kind of decisions.
So we'll upload it to YouTube and we'll probably get a bunch of views.
And yeah, I think overall it just got a pretty large amount of reach.
And next time we have a lot of ideas on how to like maybe even 10x that reach.
So.
Mm hmm.
And then improve like the way we put shine on sponsors, the sponsor impact.
I think there's ways we can do things even there that are better, more, more enticing.
Yeah.
Okay.
So that was terminal.
Now you want to talk about your psychology.
I do.
Actually really badly.
Can you tell?
Go ahead.
I'm just, I'm very excited.
I want to talk about this because I think the main feeling I have right now is like, how
did I not know this stuff?
How did I not even know these were a thing?
And it's not horoscopes, like this is actual science and psychology.
Oh, wait, I can't say it's science.
You'll just be like, you just love science and it's not, it's not science, but I believe
it's real.
What's not science?
Technology?
The science of psychology is not science on whole is you're like broad stroke.
Yeah.
Like really?
I don't think it's science.
What about like.
Wait a minute.
All of my assumptions, uh, what about like neuroscientists?
That's science.
Why is that the word science in it?
What?
Why does it have the word science in it?
Like if it was science, it wouldn't have to have the word science in it.
Yeah, we're not out here like physics science, but there is physics involved our brains have
electricity.
I don't know.
No, no, no.
Okay.
Yes.
Obviously neuroscience is like probably science.
Okay.
That is probably science.
Thank you, Dax.
And now step back.
They were all screaming into the top of the floor.
I just, I just don't believe that you can apply science to complex systems and like
yeah.
Okay.
Psychology and human behavior is like pinnacle of complex systems.
Yeah.
We have talked about this before.
I forgot you have like this whole thesis that psychology is fake.
Damn it.
This is going to be a really hard conversation.
I just think we need to perceive it differently than stuff like physics, which has.
Okay.
Yeah.
Physics is kind of science being applied to complex things and there's like actual evidence
that we don't know.
We're talking about physics either, like the world doesn't even know how to like comprehend
quantum physics.
It's complicated things.
Yes.
Like we do.
Yeah.
Quantum physics might be in the complex category.
Yes.
Well, it's like we thought we had physics figured out with classical physics and then we realized,
oh, actually, it's way more complicated and complex and we don't actually understand
anything.
No, I don't think so.
But we just say this about science broadly.
I feel like what I'm trying to get at is maybe this is just science.
No, no, no, no.
Most of science deals with very complicated situations that are not complex as in if you
scale them up, they don't get more crazy.
Okay.
So if you understand the rules of basic kinematics, like a ball rolling down a hill or like, you
know, hitting each other and have momentum transfers, if you scale that up to a billion
balls, the rules don't get, oh, and are a billion times more complicated.
Right.
It's just, it's more complicated, but sorry, because it doesn't get more complex.
It's more complicated because there's more locations to do.
Yeah.
But it's still the same fundamental laws and they work.
Like you could just add more and more computers to do more and more of those.
The vaccinations.
Yeah.
So whereas, and it's something like economics, you understand the behavior of a single human
in their incentives, you had a billion humans now, like none of those rules, like are remotely
how much more predicting what's going to happen.
Yes.
Okay.
And I feel that way about psychology as well.
So that, okay, that makes sense.
I'm not saying that studying psychology, understanding things isn't useful and like discover, you
can discover a lot of truth that way.
I just think mentally when you separate it from a type of answers that science can give
us.
Well, let me ask you this then.
I'm just trying to follow your logic here.
If you're dealing with a single person and their singular past and behaviors that might
have resulted from that past, is that not the single ball hitting the other ball in this
situation?
No, I don't think so because even that is like an extraordinary complex thing.
Like ultimately all of your, if you like really think about it, all of your psychology.
There's billions of interactions in your life.
And like it just sells in your brain interacting with each other in billions of ways.
Like a lot of psychology is like, it should, it's all technically biological, right?
Like it's just a result of chemicals, chemical interactions happening, but that's just high
complexity that you get really crazy behavior.
Yeah.
So I think it's just very hard to like get scientific answers from it.
I got it.
So I guess now I realize I don't need to defend it as science because that doesn't do anything
for me.
I just, I want to separate like it's, it'll be really helpful.
Like that's my point.
Yeah.
I want to separate the psychology stuff from like horoscopes.
It's like there is a spectrum here where non science things get more and more detached from
actual reality.
Do you agree with that?
Yeah.
But similarly, horoscopes can also be helpful.
Yes.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I'm so confused.
I'm saying there's no, there's no reason to separate this from horoscopes.
Like they, they can, they can also not be scientific, but also somehow be helpful, you
know?
I guess.
Yeah.
No, I, I see that.
But now I just, everything I say, I feel like it's like I'm being all woo-woo and you're
just like, uh-huh.
No, that's good.
That's my, that's the opposite point I'm making.
I'm saying that these things aren't scientific, but it doesn't have to be scientific for
it to be useful or helpful.
I think we tried to, we, we basically think everything helpful, scientific, and we try
to shove everything into the scientific bucket, it just is awkward and like leads to weird
things.
I think it's literally okay to be like, this is very abstract and it is like woo-woo, but
it helps me understand stuff about me in my life, whatever.
Like that's.
What?
Yeah.
Why I'm very sensitive right now to like this being perceived as just, I mean, horoscopes.
And I don't know why I'm putting down the horoscope people, but there's something, something
about this.
I have a feeling that I can't put words to because of my very scientific, psychological
understanding.
Like, yes, obviously is the literal position of the planets impacting your life.
Probably not.
Right.
So like it's not, it's not that there's some difference and I don't know what it is.
There's some difference in my mind between yes, that idea that like when you were, the
day you were born somehow like influences all of your personality and all this, there's
some separation between that and like looking at thousands of people and they're like very
specific past actual things that happened and saying, oh, you fit into this very clearly
defined archetype and it's because of XYZ things that happen to you that you're more likely
to be this way in these certain settings.
I feel like that is, that's not, maybe it's not science, but it is grounded in something.
It's not people just like making shit up.
My only point is, is if you, with horoscopes, if you ignore the astrology part of it and
just read the horoscope itself, it's actually exactly what you're describing.
Whoever looked the horoscope as a result of understanding.
It's the same way about like Myers-Briggs and personality tests on whole too.
Yeah, exactly.
It's just like understanding all the patterns and things that exist and horoscopes like
use that to their advantage to like phrasing in a way that are, or to identify patterns
that are common so that people can like, oh yeah, that does describe me or I do relate
to that.
You're right, like there's a spectrum and horoscopes are more towards one end.
It's just, you know, like I can kind of see the value in everything.
Yeah, how do you view mental health and therapy and I guess like all of these concepts?
Beautiful tools, copium.
I think like everything, they're definitely useful.
I think as a society, we've maybe over rotated on some of this stuff.
Like the reality is, is like like every other field, 95% of therapists are not very good
and 5% are very good, but you know, there's like all this content out there about therapy
and like we use, this is one of Liz's theories we should have her on, do her little theory
segment.
Yes.
She talks about how much like therapy speak has just dominated vocabulary.
We watch a bunch of reality shows and it's like blatantly obvious.
Like people, when they talk to each other, they're just using like therapy speak.
Like words they learned in therapy or like therapy related media and content and it's
like they don't really even know what they're saying.
There's kind of like using these phrases that are like accepted as this is the way you should
describe these certain situations.
So yeah.
And she always points out like it's not sexy like it's like it just makes things like less
and less like it just makes things like more and more like dorky and just becoming a less
sexy society.
Okay.
That's fair.
Well, now I'm going to be very self-conscious about every word I say from here on out.
No, but like I said, this is like I'm describing.
I'm okay.
It's something.
I don't have an extreme view.
I'm just saying there is this very real dynamic, but you know, it's not like the underlying
thing is totally garbage.
I think you are probably more okay with those things than I am.
I have a problem with like pseudoscience and with, I mean, we've talked about it on this
podcast that I am very like I overweight science and its impact in my life.
Because science is your new religion.
Yeah.
Basically, I'm a Scientologist and Tom Cruise is my favorite actor and that other guy that
was in Greece or something, those guys, they're the best.
I wish I could meet them.
I don't know.
I'm just, no, I'm not a Scientologist.
Okay.
Well, I'm going to say some things that now I'm self-conscious about not because I think
you don't view them positively, but because I don't view them positively and now they're
being associated with those things and other things.
Anyway, this all traces back to my childhood.
Let's start at the beginning.
No, I'm going to say some things that are very real that are like I know these are facts
and now I know other people also have these same facts in their life.
Okay.
So facts about me, I okay, in a highly emotional situation where there's someone I care about
that I have a relationship with and they're emotional, I have no emotion.
In fact, the fact that they have emotion and the fact that they're expressing negative
emotions like sadness or grief or anger, that actually suppresses any feeling.
This is not like I read this in a book, this is like I have always known, I have this thing
where I turn into like a deer in the headlights, like a vegetable, like I am literally not
a human being for those moments when someone is expressing strong feelings in my presence
or towards me, I become this like completely unemotional being.
Now I know that's a thing, like other people experience that as well and this is, I think
this is the broader point.
It's not about having terms or needing like someone to tell me what's wrong with me and
how I can be better.
It's about knowing that there are other people, this is not I am not a snowflake and there
are other people who experience life like I do and some of the things that I'm not getting
in life that I could get like deeper relationships are attainable.
There's like a path that other people like me have walked down.
That's it.
That's what I want.
And I think the fact that I ended up in the place I am in life in this very specific job
doing had pretty good success and career like that is also tied into a lot of these things.
And that's why I like to talk about a podcast like this where I think there are other people
listening to this podcast who are also like me and have some of the similar struggles and
they've had a lack of emotional connection with people and had a hard time building relationships
over their life.
I would hope they would hear something like this and they would also find out they're
not alone.
They're not the only person.
They could also have these things in life that I just thought were kind of off limits
to me.
I just thought I wasn't capable of having some of these things or I've always said things
like I'm just not a romantic.
I'm not someone who values relationship.
I don't think those are actual facts that can't be changed.
That's all.
That's it.
I didn't even say any psychological terms.
Look at me.
Dismissive avoidant.
I want to say it all.
I want to attach it now.
Sorry.
Now, just in case somebody can hear those words in the Google, but this relates to your childhood
because you probably were in a situation where you need to be like the neutral person.
Is that how that works?
Yeah.
So the explanations and I'm still very early in learning these things, and I want to be
sensitive because I don't know if my parents listened to the podcast.
I don't want to like this is not about them, but it basically means like the type of person
that I am on this front, like in terms of my emotional health, I'm a dismissive avoidant
attachment style.
Do is that what you want?
Everyone else just heard Leo or whatever.
I'm a Scorpio, but if you go down the rabbit hole a little bit and you read about that
type, it basically says that as a kid, I learned through adaptation that it wasn't valuable
to express negative emotions.
So basically, I only express positive emotions, all negative emotions.
Not only do I not express them, my brain has this ability to like shove them in places
without my knowledge.
It's like completely subconscious that basically as a child, I learned nothing good comes from
expressing negative emotions.
And that does play into my parents and how they, my role in our family and how they treated
me.
Basically, I learned like to be sad, outwardly or to be angry or frustrated or any of these
negative emotions, it doesn't do good things for me.
Like I get bad things out of that.
So why not just only show positive emotions?
That's basically how I was formed, I think.
I see.
So I, I Google dismissive, avoidant attachment and I got a little Gemini answer in Google.
Are you kidding?
Oh, Jim?
I think you're talking horoscopes.
I was like, wait, what?
I don't know.
But the Google AI thing, there's nine, nine bullet points.
I would say you mentioned eight of the bullet points.
Oh, really?
bullet point.
You didn't mention.
Hang on.
I'm good at it.
It's that you are prone to affairs.
I, so I am not prone to affairs.
I want to go on record.
I'm a very loyal person, actually.
Uh, what's this?
I'm looking at the sum traits of this noise.
Emotional distance.
Yes.
Difficulty with intimacy.
Double.
Yes.
Self-reliance.
1000%.
That's the thing I'm learning about myself.
I don't build relationships very well because I don't need them.
And I, in fact, like I have figured out a way to just be completely emotionally regulated
in life by myself.
And this is why I've always felt like I could just be alone for the rest of my life and
there'd not be any other humans in the world and I'd be totally fine.
Is this related to how you rewrote all of David's toe and?
Probably.
Yes.
I've always said I'm terrible at working with others.
I, I think it's all related.
I don't know.
Like, uh, secretive behavior?
Yes.
Check.
Uh, conflict avoidance.
Oh my God.
Am I conflict avoidant?
You know these things are true about me, right?
This isn't just a horoscope.
Yeah.
Like this is actual facts about me as a person.
No, it is just like a horoscope.
What are you not understanding about this?
I, cause I don't value horoscopes or I look down on them and I need to work on it.
I got to figure out how to accept that they're also a tool that people can use.
Cause I, a horoscope is exactly, they've identified patterns and they are surfacing those patterns.
Okay.
So, so that's true.
Like they really just like tied this to real patterns of people.
And then the whole star thing was just like, it'd be fun if we like use stars as a metaphor
or something.
If the patterns didn't resonate, like they just, this whole thing wouldn't work.
So why did they involve like the position of the stars?
That's where they lose me.
I don't know.
Yes.
I don't think the position of the stars literally true.
I think it's a historical artifact, but it's just one of those things where like, there's
a lot of things that are old that have really silly things associated with them, like the
position of the stars and all that.
But it doesn't mean that where they got to is completely dumb.
So, okay, so you're saying the people who write, the people who write the horoscopes.
I don't know who those people are, horoscob gurfers.
The people who write horoscopes, they, you're saying actually are looking at like the types
of people, like when they write a horoscope, they're not just like making every lineup.
It's like they think about an actual person and they describe these traits that are cohesive.
Right?
I think they're like following a scientific method, I'm saying that somehow they are arriving
at the same place without doing this academic process, because if you read, if you read horoscopes,
they'd sound like this.
They sound exactly like this and they maybe add a bunch of mystical writing to it because
they attach the stars, but.
So this is not a problem of psychology being lumped in with pseudoscience.
It's a problem of me viewing pseudoscience the wrong way.
I should view it through the same lens that horoscopes aren't bad.
They're not all made up.
Anything that old, it's like really hard for not to have value because it survives all
the way to.
Yes.
That's a good point.
And it's hard to do that without it being somewhat correct.
And the other thing is you're looking at the bottom, what are both these things doing?
There's describing various human behavior.
They're both doing that.
It's coming through a similar process.
You've changed my view on horoscopes.
I actually see what you're saying.
You're saying all these things are just tools, and they all are describing human behavior.
And that could be very helpful for people.
Yeah.
And like they.
Defined other people.
Yeah.
So for you to like absorb all this, you have to like one be in a place where you are ready
to think about it and receive it to have to come into a format that for you based off
of like who you are was delivered in a format that you could like believe and accept.
Yeah.
Right.
For other people, like I guess the format needs to have come in like this more spiritual
mystic way.
And that's why people are in horoscopes.
It's so interesting.
Like I literally need it to be science so that I can accept it.
Like I want psychology to be a science so that I can like it now, it checks my box of
like, I will allow science to influence me and my behavior.
I won't allow other things.
Yeah.
And that's fine.
Like it's just as arbitrary for the people that need it in like this more spiritual format.
Okay.
This helped me a ton because now I don't feel so self conscious.
I like I really, I have a problem with like pseudoscience and I need to move past that.
I have a problem with spirituality and that goes all the way back to I could go down many
bunny trails here.
Yeah.
Rabbit trail rabbit holes.
What is the phrase?
I messed that one up constantly.
People who've listened to me on the internet for like the last few years have heard me say
bunny rabbit trail like a hundred times and I never I stumble around it every single time.
I'm like rabbit hole down a path with rabbits.
I don't know.
I've done that so many times it's ridiculous.
The other thing to that kind of maybe helps understand this kind of thing at least for
me is when I really understood this is there's like this grandma wisdom type of thing like
you know like they say stuff that doesn't really make sense but it's like ends up being
correct.
There's just so many examples of certain foods that cultures eat that they've been eating
for hundreds of years and it turns out the specific ingredients like would be poisonous
if they weren't paired with this other ingredient.
Wow.
And you're like there's no way they like did some kind of test and like understood the
chemicals and like intentionally neutralize it.
There's just this like emergent wisdom encoded in this is what you eat and it turns out it's
the perfect balance of all the nutrients you need and like you know all the all these
different things.
So yeah it's like someone didn't sit there and like analyze it and say this is why we're
doing it but somehow we're still doing the right thing.
Interesting.
It's like it's like we see the animals all the time too like animals like just naturally
have all this like these instincts that do certain things that are like correct we understand
why they're doing it like a cat licks itself to clean itself.
I would understand like it's good to be clean like it avoids disease and all these things
but they don't understand that they're just doing it.
Yeah.
There's a lot of life that is correct without it actually making having to make any sense
or needing to know why.
I guess I have a question for you I'm doing like I'm going on this new journey because
I do feel like there's things in life that I'm lacking or that I'm just missing out on
things I could really enjoy but and the people around me that I care about could enjoy that
I've just not tapped into yet it's like this areas of growth do you think about like areas
you want to grow into in life or do you feel like is it more?
Yeah.
Go ahead.
Just give me your philosophy on this because I do feel like you're just kind of like you're
just like good you're just like good with where you're at you're just good with you
don't have this like pressure to like self-improve or whatever and I want to know how and and
why.
No I think it's it's not like a I don't think that in itself is a goal I think.
I was talking about looking maybe the last podcast when we're together in person I can't
remember when we talked about this I told like when I was like in my like 26 or 27 I just
I felt I physically felt my brain finished developing and at that point I was like okay
like a lot of my bad habits like went down a lot I'm pretty like happy with the way I
do things and perceive things so I just wasn't speaking that much yeah anymore like everything
felt like correct also like I got into a relationship that was like you know correct
for me and all that having around that same time so yeah I just haven't thought about myself
as much.
I think Liz probably went through something similar to like around that same age she
was a lot more figuring that stuff out and I would say in the last like three years or
so two to three years she's been a lot more like okay it's all figured out I'm happy with
who I've become and like you know it's there so it's just like I think eventually everyone
hopefully everyone eventually like hits that point and the goal is into like I need to
become someone that doesn't care about improving it's more that you improve you like fix the
things that you're worried about and kind of naturally stop thinking about them.
I'm trying to internalize all that with my situation for you maybe it's just a little
later.
Yeah no I mean there was like an acute situation that like I mean when my marriage was on the
brink of collapse it's like a wake-up call that like things aren't healthy there's still
like areas of life that aren't what they should be.
Yeah it's easy to ignore.
Yeah so I think that was probably the bigger impetus for me but it has me so excited about
this whole area of life that I don't know I was never excited about before and I could
I could have easily coasted through the rest of my life in the state I am I'm pretty happy
with who I am or just our life last 15 years since I kind of like lump you always say the
last 10 years that you've used arch and kneel them and whatever for me it's the 15 years
that I've been married as my whole adulthood like I left my parents house into me and Casey's
first home so like the last 15 years is my life and it could have gone on for another
30 and I don't think like that would have been a horrible life it's just I feel like I would
have been missing I would have looked back and realized and there were things I could
have had that I just thought I couldn't and I'm optimistic now that I could have them anyway
anyway that's all I'm done talking about psychology and
Scientology and all the ologies astrology maybe you should get into astrology maybe you should
go hard the other way.
Now you have me thinking so there is this part of me too that thinks I've always said I'm
just not a spiritual person I think I mix spirituality and emotional things for reasons
I won't dive into I think like in my life spirituality and emotional manipulation were
highly entangled I'll say that much and I think I've just shut off both things from
my life entirely and said I don't need those things I would rather not have those things
I have this part of me that really wants to like have a spiritual side of my life like
there's something about that too that's very intriguing to me right now I'm kind of like
trying to tackle like just depth of relationship and feeling like I can actually have real
connection with people that's not what it's always been for me which is like very transactional
and like unemotional that's the thing right now I'm thinking about but there's this like
future Adam in like my 50s or something that I want to like try out some religions or something
I don't know I want to like have some semblance of a spiritual life that feels like I explored
that and I at least gave it a shot does that make sense yeah not like I need it I don't
feel like I need it right now but I want to like note with it I don't want it I don't
know I want to like give it a shot give it a real college try I think I don't think you're
gonna conclude I don't think I would be really surprised if you include like oh I don't need
it at all I think what you find is what you imagined would fit on the category of spirituality
actually ends up being a lot broader than than you imagined like it does not it does
not do anything with religion it's just like it's more is opening your mind to perceiving
situations not just in like a singular way like the thing we just talked about like there's
hard scientific ways to understand situations and then there's like this other way of understanding
situations that also is like totally valid and ends up in the correct place like being
more open to that and like liking and appreciating those explanations as well like I would bucket
that as yes yeah I shouldn't have said religion I do think like it'd be fun to like dabble
in some religious I don't know some reason that they help you appreciate this because
a lot of times religions are literally wrong like they're literally not true like you can
like you take it literally like there's mm-hmm it's like very easy to like dismiss it but
then you also have this weird contradiction where somehow it's still a useful thing yeah
right I think like just understanding that contradiction and being I just helps you appreciate
like something I don't know what that thing is but in my head that's like what this spirituality
thing is the fact that I appreciate this thing that I can't really explain that yet the way
I view it right now is like we joke about the science thing I really have kind of like
put myself into a naturalist worldview I think like a very humanistic like everything is
concrete and can be explained I think I've put myself into that worldview as like a way
to resist other worldviews that I was once a part of I think I think that's what I really
want to try and like explore is not being this sort of naturalist to like that's how
I view spirituality is like the other side of that coin where there's anything else than
just what I can touch and feel and taste and whatever yeah deep we went from like cloud
front to like all this other stuff whatever I don't care I'm not going to apologize thanks
for listening to our podcast it's weird I don't know what it is yet but I think this is why
people like it I hope so because it is what it is and people keep listening so I guess
yeah I guess they don't hate it or they would stop listening oh man I know what our sponsors
are going to be someday it's gonna be like better help and next JS some weird combination
yeah that's so funny well I think those that's not where combination I think if you're using
next JS you also need better help right it back all right you said which we need to there's
one thing I want to say before we get off but did you have something about next JS probably
oh no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no okay man's
a little thing since I got on my flight my first flight home because I always have to
connect I sat on the plane so I just know exactly when it first happened I sat on the
plane in my right pinky went numb and it has been numb since and I cannot understand why
I have one finger that is numb that's weird and I know exactly when it happened like I
know so I can like trace it back and say like what happened right leading up to that what
happened for the days leading up to that like what is the thing that would cause my pinky
to go numb I don't understand I don't know but my my index finger my my right hand right
here I got I was in high school playing something I remember getting hit in a weird way and
whenever I would stretch out my arm like this this area of my index finger would just be
numb and it was like that for like five years it like improved by like what like like half
a percent every single day it took like five years for the properly go with I can still
like kind of insane like kind of feel a little bit but yeah I guess I will say it's not my
whole pinky like I could get more specific I do think it's just part like it's almost
like one quarter of my pinky but it is such a weird sensation and I don't love it use
it to your advantage well like what get pierced what do you mean I guess I guess I don't know
like okay I'll look into that I'll see what I can do with a numb pinky I remember what
I wanted to ask about you're talking about potentially moving that's on the podcast now
all right it is not to be so literal just you're you're imagining what it would be like to
potentially move not saying you're gonna do that but yeah not saying I yeah okay well
here's what I'll say having just spent a few days with you guys in New York I'm increasingly
like realizing this is my shot at having friends in life and I just wish so badly that
we all lived in the same place like I wish we got to like do everything together not everything
that sounds so dumb just like see each other every week and then like when we have a dumb
idea just make it that week or make it next week like I just that is such a amazing dream
to imagine and then I realized like I could have friends here like we could figure it out
we could find people and like but it just feels like the internet gave us this chance
to like meet people that we really could be friends with because we have so much so many
reasons to be friends and it would be so fun if we just all our families were close and
we all knew each other and I don't know how okay I'm not gonna say that no I mean me let's
talk about it all the time I think she straight up said she's realizing the only thing that
matters is being close to friends and she's like that should just be the number one priority
and we should figure out yes I remember saying that on the podcast I forgot we talked about
this that Liz that phrase that is a phrase that I didn't remember Liz saying that every
that you told me was said that but that is a feeling I've had is like what else matters
like who cares in like 50 years and I go look back and be like I'm so glad I whatever maintained
some stable life like no I'm gonna wish like I had spent more time with friends and that's
the thing that I it's an impossible week we've talked about it's impossible like we're all
settled we all have our lives we all have reasons that it just doesn't make sense but
man I just wish there's some way and maybe it is just like short term it's like we spend
a week or two weeks together every quarter and like that's that's it but that's better
than nothing I don't know yeah I mean that's that's what we have now it's just like we imagine
what would be like if because we know people that are like in a very fortunate situation
where they're like really close friends with their neighbor or like yeah and just like
in the same neighborhood and that just like totally changes so much it's like the friends
TV show just like yeah exactly it's just hanging out just not gonna you just show up and it's
just like normal and this is maybe a little bit different for you but both me and Liz
had the situation at some point so it's not like theoretical we remember having it and
then just it's gone it's just gone the sudden hmm and it feels like we don't know what the
hell we're doing if we're not optimizing to bring that back like yeah it feels like what
else matters yeah so I mean we haven't we don't know how we're gonna solve it but it's clear
that making decisions based off of that is a good way to make decisions I think that's
kind of yeah as far as we've got it feels like it should be weighted yeah should be weighted
heavily and same and and this is something Casey and I've been talking about so yeah and
I really got to find out the roster of people to listen to his podcast not that I don't want
to be a different person based on who's listening but I just want to know like there's some
conversations I would want to have before I go too deep on this conversation on the podcast
it's not that I don't want people to know things it's that I would want to talk to them
before I said thank you anyway whoops Chris could you cut that out this is weird moment
when like something is set on here and I'm like I actually might want that out but I can't
say would you cut that out because then it's just like a joke because it's gonna stay in
there I guess I can just talk to him afterward but I'm fine we knew he didn't cross any lines
here this is fine okay how do we land this plane the same way we do always which is bye
yeah see ya thanks for talking bye.